So initially i was a trainee engineer and in the team there were 8 members, combination of senior and junior trainee developers and was assigned to develop a reports page for a banking project where we give the start date and end date and it would give out the reports of all the transaction which was reported in between those date. I used Angular and spring boot Rest API. The deadline was two week i completed it in one and half a week where the reports generated were accurate and correct. I took help from my seniors as initially i was a trainee

Later i was shifted to another in house project called the IntelliSWUAT which is a scriptless test Automation tool. the team comprised of 6 members and i was assigned to understand the code base of the application especially the execution module of the intelliswaut which is the core functionality of the tool. Later the task which was assigned to me was to implement the control loop structure which is a feature of the tool so i had collabrated with other developer where we used nodejs and mongodb as the tech stack but  later we found out that the technologies which we were using was outdated such as node 12 and Javascript  and needed to change the technology stack of the tool as the out dated tool had its own limitation regarding features such as report generation etc. Therefore we pivoted the tech stack to angular and spring boot. So we had to implement the execution module ( control loop structure is a part of execution module) which was initially written in node js and we had to write the code in Java 11 we utilized the features such as lambda expressions,multithreading,oops concepts, Collections framework , and we used to write code which was understandable to others as well by commenting and documenting the list of features. As a result helped to increase the efficiency of the tool much faster compared to the older tech stack. within a month we were able to execute 100 testcases with in 10 min as the older version used to take 20 min  and the core functionality of the tool was also completed. The angular  I collaborated with other department such as the testing team where my responsibility was to fix bugs which were assigned to me by the Jira software. 


  I worked closely with the solutions Archtitect of the tool and took inputs from him as well but i analysed whatever he said whether it is feasible or not and gave my opinions on it. I was a part of the code team for intelliswualt. 